Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedprogramming-ii-integer-set-2-and-operator-overloading
<br>
Assignment: Create three sets from lists of integers found in files i071.dat, i072.dat, and i073.dat. Find set I the intersection of set 1 and set 2. Find set U the union of set 2 and set 3. Find set D the difference of set U – set I. Print results in file o07.dat as shown in Figure 2. Prohibition: Use of the C++ Standard Template Library is prohibited in the implementation of this project. Program Files: Project 7 consists of files p07.cpp, List07.h, Set07.h, and p07make. Project file names are exactly as given. Failure to employ the foregoing names will result in a score of zero (0) for this project Project files must be stored in the root directory of your student account. Failure to store project files in the root directory of your student account will result in a score of zero (0) for this project. File Description p07.cpp File p07.cpp contains functions that process command line arguments and direct set operations. Implement the finding of the union, intersection, and difference as arithmetic expression rather than calling member functions. List07.h File List07.h contains all that is required for class List { … }; Class List implements a list of integers by dynamically allocating an array of values of type T. Elements are stored in ascending order. Elements of the list are unique. Overload operator&lt;&lt; to print elements of class List enclosed in curly braces, { }, and separated by commas. Make operator &lt;&lt; a friend of class List. Overload operator= and make it the copy constructor for class List. Class List is the base class. Set07.h File Set07.h contains all that is required for class Set : public List { … };. Class set is derived from class List. Set operations include insertion, deletion, union, intersection, and difference, and printing. Overload operator+, operator*, and operator- to be the union, intersection, and difference for class Set: these operators need to friends of the class. p07make File p07make contains instructions for creating executable file p07. Instructions in file p07make are accepted by the UNIX utility make. Command Line: Project 7 can be invoked with up to four program parameters. The first three program parameters are the names of the input files containing sets 1, 2 and 3. The fourth program parameter in the name of the output file where results are recorded. Sample command lines together with corresponding actions by program p07 are shown below. Boldfaced type indicates data entered at the keyboard by the user. $ p07 Enter the name of input file 1: i071.dat Enter the name of input file 2: i072.dat Enter the name of input file 3: i073.dat Enter the output file name: o07.dat $ p07 i071.dat Enter the name of input file 2: i072.dat Enter the name of input file 3: i073.dat Enter the output file name: o07.dat $ p07 i071.dat i072.dat Enter the name of input file 3: i073.dat Enter the output file name: o07.dat $ p07 i071.dat i072.dat i073.dat Enter the output file name: o07.dat $ p07 i071.dat i072.dat i073.dat o07.dat Input files: Input files contain a list of integers. Unique integers in the list are the elements of a set. Sample data is given in below. Input file 1: 1 2 3 4 Input file 2: 2 4 6 8 Input file 3: 1 3 5 7 Output files: The format of the output file is shown in Figure 2. Data shown in Figure 2 is produced by Program p07 given input files shown above. Figure 2. Output file format: set 1={1,2,3,4} set 2={2,4,6,8} set 3={1,3,5,7} set I={2,4} set U={1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} set D={1,3,5,6,7,8} void SetMgr(istream&amp; i1,istream&amp; i2,istream&amp; i3,ostream&amp; o) { Set S1(i1); o &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set S1=” &lt;&lt; S1; cout &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set S1=” &lt;&lt; S1; Set S2(i2); o &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set S2=” &lt;&lt; S2; cout &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set S2=” &lt;&lt; S2; Set S3(i3); o &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set S3=” &lt;&lt; S3; cout &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set S3=” &lt;&lt; S3; Set U; U=S1+S2; o &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set U=” &lt;&lt; U; cout &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set U=” &lt;&lt; U; Set I; I=S2*S3; o &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set I=” &lt;&lt; I; cout &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set I=” &lt;&lt; I; Set D; D=U-I; o &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set D=” &lt;&lt; D; cout &lt;&lt; endl &lt;&lt; “Set D=” &lt;&lt; D; cout &lt;&lt; endl; o &lt;&lt; endl; } Figure 3. Function SetMgr(…) in file p07.cpp 3